SEO recommendations for concept topics added in rippled 2.5.0 (#3232)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/concepts/tokens/fungible-tokens/multi-purpose-tokens.md

Reviewer: I'm not sure how useful it is to tweak the SEO of this document when it needs to be heavily rewritten anyway...

_(Requires the [MPTokensV1 amendment][] {% not-enabled /%})_

> Multi-purpose tokens (MPTs) are a more compact and flexible type of [fungible token](/docs/concepts/tokens/fungible-tokens) on the XRP Ledger.

Reviewer: This type of link is fine, but when the link is _this_ proximate I think it's more appropriate to use relative linking, e.g.:

```suggestion
Multi-purpose tokens (MPTs) are a more compact and flexible type of [fungible token](./index.md) on the XRP Ledger.
```

MPTs let you take advantage of ready-to-use tokenization features with a few lines of code. You can create many token experiences from one token program itself. 

## Key Features of MPTs on XRPL

The following are notable features of MPTs on XRPL.

> **On-Chain Metadata Storage**

Reviewer: It would be slightly awkward to use h4 here because there's no h3 above it, but I think that's still preferable to using bold text to effect a pseudo-heading.

- MPTs store their metadata directly on the XRPL blockchain. Once set, the metadata is immutable. 

> - A 1024-byte URI field provides a metadata pointer that allows you to use an off-chain source for metadata in addition to the on-chain source. This lets your application access necessary information directly from the chain, prompting higher interoperability for tokens, without losing the ability to attach additional information. 

Reviewer: This bullet point is just wrong, by the way. There's no URI field for MPTs.

**Transferability and Supply Controls**

> - MPTs can have a fixed token supply where you set a cap on the maximum number of tokens that can be minted. 

Reviewer: Not exactly true either. You can set a cap on the number of tokens that can be in circulation at a time, but as MPTs are burned it allows more to be minted.

> - You can define MPTs as non-transferable, tokens that can only be transferred back to the issuer, but not among tokenholders. Useful for cases such as issuing airline credits or loyalty rewards.

Reviewer: Nit: "Useful for..." is a fragment.

Reviewer: Also, here and below, "tokenholder" is a unique compound word that's not used elsewhere (and not in widespread use in the rest of the industry either as best I can tell). It should probably be "token holder" instead.

- Issuers can set transfer fees to collect on-chain revenue each time the token is traded among tokenholders. 

**Built-In Compliance Features**

MPTs also have advanced compliance features, including: 
 - The ability to lock tokens held by a tokenholder to support compliance requirements.
 - The ability to set a global lock for all MPT balances across all tokenholders.
 - The issuer can configure MPTs that can be clawed back from tokenholder wallets, either to revoke them, or to reassign them in the case of lost wallet keys. 
 - An opt-in feature can allow only wallets authorized by the issuer to hold issued tokens.

## MPTs versus Trust Lines

> These are the primary differences between MPTs and [trust lines](/docs/concepts/tokens/fungible-tokens#trust-lines).

Reviewer: It's very weird to compare MPTs to trust lines and then compare MPTs to IOUs, even aside from the part where we retired the use of "IOU" as a term many years ago. It feels like comparing whole apples to orange peels and then comparing apples to orange wedges.

MPTs have an on-ledger representation that is a very close analogue to a trust line. The ledger entry to hold old-style tokens is called `RippleState`, but is also called a trust line, and is bidirectional. The ledger entry to hold MPTs is called `MPToken` and is unidirectional, but it's otherwise pretty similar to a trust line: you have to explicitly signal your willingness to hold a particular token, it tracks a quantity of a token that one holder owns, etc.

(Again, I know this is just tweaking the wording of a problematic document, but I just wanted to note how much the original document needs to change, so it's kind of pointless to make these changes.)
